DOCS-1273: Operator 6.0.0 Deploy/Upgrade docs, removing Console references (#1284)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/upgrade-minio-operator.rst

Reviewer: Elsewhere, it seems like you can upgrade to 6.0.1 from 4.5.8.
However, lines 15 and 16 seem to imply that you have to be on 5.0.15 before upgrading to 6.0.1.

Which is it?

Also, line 19 should be 4.5.7 or earlier.

Author: AFAIK we want users on 5.0.15 first before jumping. Changed this up.

            kubectl get pod -l 'name=minio-operator' -n minio-operator -o json | jq '.items[0].spec.containers'

      .. important::

         Operator 6.0.0 deprecates the MinIO Operator Console and removes the related resources from the MinIO Operator CRD.

         MinIO does not remove the old Console services, pods, or deployments as per Kubernetes standard procedure.
         You can remove these resources at your own discretion.

>          MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting the Console, and as of such advises against long-term reliance on the Console for Tenant management.

Reviewer 2: Might be worth the additional emphasis here
```suggestion
         MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting Operator Console, and as of such advises against long-term reliance on the Console for Tenant management.
```

Reviewer 3: Also `long-term reliance on the Console for Tenant management` -> `long-term reliance on this Console for Tenant management`. Make sure it's clear which Console we are deprecating.

>          MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting the Operator Console, and as of such advises against long-term reliance on this Console for Tenant management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting the Operator Console and advises against long-term reliance on this Operator Console for Tenant management.
```

      #. Validate the Operator upgrade

         You can check the new Operator version with the same ``kubectl`` command used previously:

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            kubectl get pod -l 'name=minio-operator' -n minio-operator -o json | jq '.items[0].spec.containers'

      .. important::

         Operator 6.0.0 deprecates the MinIO Operator Console and removes the related resources from the MinIO Operator CRD.

         MinIO does not remove the old Console services, pods, or deployments as per Kubernetes standard procedure.
         You can remove these resources at your own discretion.

>          MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting the Console, and as of such advises against long-term reliance on the Console for Tenant management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         MinIO is no longer developing nor supporting the Operator Console and advises against long-term reliance on the Operator Console for Tenant management.
```
